Fix some missing redefinitions (#181)
Goddard-Fortran-Ecosystem/gFTL: ChangeLog.MD

## Unreleased

## [1.8.1] - 2022-06-15

### Fixed

> - Fix some macro redefinitions in `v1/map.inc`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Prevented some macro redefinitions in `v1/map.inc` that caused warning messages and broke documentation tool on downstream projects.
```
